azure-devops plugin: Ability to fetch the README file from a different AZD path (#22791)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/itchy-news-drive.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-azure-devops-backend': minor
'@backstage/plugin-azure-devops-common': minor
'@backstage/plugin-azure-devops': minor
---

> Ability to fetch the README file from a different AZD path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ability to fetch the README file from a different Azure DevOps path.
```
